dominates lady kines in the center insists
waka inside is human the third to
nobody comes in the fourth beats and ginés
with leonel kings bouquets is dominating the
first of the Basque program in the second
in the third there have been milan lady king
it's number two the pupil of daniel
Perez won Lady Quines in the second
playing with the mare and hurt between dina
from the bottom it comes advancing louisiana
be and mixed inside rules the street
they come back andrein inside dreams win
on the outside ruiz and start
remember from the third install
Andreine who was dominating the race
insists Luis being in the meters
endings with dream wing forward hyper
binational and wallyson andrew be by
outside
inside he kept minimal difference in
the life of walter before what was
watch dominating the race to be
Quindiana Niell on the outside defends herself
varelo and also comes the surprise mind
domina vale they sell it to the cargo and
traveling outside with better king the
final event in the third program
last delivery forget the race
Paraguayan the good in the end out to the
front event in paraguay only for good
in the stripes already 90 and number 5 the second
child samuel and accordion comes a
tremendous run over by the part
inside
the accordion horse against texas lie that
is dominating sixth in line in the
front ran in comes going to
second and children to return between mind
hit by the outside part my
children abuel against the pointer boy is
move the 7 is against the putter
here is the arrival and failed to pass
they won the text align career of the
first try to move to the second against
limit while it's running over
of rangers in the central part of
louisiana queens up front
the chimera runs second in the third
will try to run over joana angels by
the inner part is missing the mare
Louisiana
louis
Look up the chimeras in the front
for the second won louisiana queens in
the second in the third daughter and per
he is approaching the squad dominating
the competition is the horse is that
yesterday the cumanian has come over
from the outside and also the
exemplary mister pistachio de skyler ante
forward mister pistacho brings good
advance also the cumanés by outside
dominates from skyler before number two and
they won the career of Jaime Daniel
second has seen the pistachio with aragon
out against two we count that is
in the second place and more and paris
also peeks inside escapes the
horse ronde world from the world
front in the seventh second race
valid for the five and six game
dominates the copy on the world on the 7th and
they won the horse race
it does inside it still dominates the
I stop before the champions race
the fight from the forest have been seen and
he runs a lot on the outside
of the court there are zombies that the
uncontainable by the later
transmission and on the rust in couple
and won the race thinking american for
the outside of the field and looks
the horse race america while
both try to come now for the part
exterior to authentic horse and also
it improves a lot with the prince center
frame prince ships runs a lot but
the virgin is dominating with francisco
Arrieta and I 'll leave the letter
validity number 8 thousand fans no longer american
in the second the president came to step
of moon and can not lose when they are missing
300 meters takes more advantage in the first
place meanwhile is running over
for the second place for the lack of
gave incandescent led and also
it's improving a lot of plateau woman
in the end but dominates passion in a base
of advantage but it will win very easy that
they upgraded us to second platform
white is defending mixed the symbol and
on the inside of the court and
is improving now to guide us through
the outer part via only does it by
out but texas the number 3 is
dominant with Jean Carlos Rodriguez and
I'm going to win the last one valid for 5 and
6 the number 3 texas is not worth it then
break frank wheeler
the third is for the horse I have seen
the sinker and how much fails